Hi welcome back.
There is one thing.
Well one of the things that I want to add to the post side of things here in this Post's Page we're
going to click on it and if you notice that on the post start as we always have to be typing in draft
and pull and and publish if we want something to change rights and status to change.
Well I don't want to be doing that what I really want is a drop down just like this year that will give
me options to do a Publish or do we do a draft.
All right.
And also show me the status of it.
So let's go ahead and do that right now.
By the way if you're here you you're doing awesome you know gastro feature that means you already went
through the course.
Hopefully you did.
If not you need to go back and learn.
Most of the things I write.
But anyways let's go in and start doing this real quick.
So what we want to do is we want to go to admin for slashing includes signing colludes we're going to
go to the edit on the score pools that Ph be.
All right.
So I got to go to this line right here that says poor status in the form.
So go to the forum all the way down and look for that pool status right here.
I'm going to come in that out and I'm going to put it down a little bit and get a copy.
Actually we don't even need to copy this.
We already have a query up here that brings down a lot of elements from the polls.
So I'm going to use that for my advantage.
All right so I'm going to do right now is create a select right here actually
select and and bring it down a little bit and I'm going to create option
and I'm going to put just single quotes here because I need that later.
I'm going to create another one.
I said my father's go one by one.
Right.
So let's go one line at a time.
I don't want to confuse you.
So the first thing that I want to do and why is it that I'm going to display the full status.
So I'm going to open APHC Tigray here and I'm going to Eckel the pool status because we already have
that information that is variable available right like we were doing right here.
So I'm going to echo that with semi-colon there of course.
I'm going to take this off.
You know the only thing that I need from here is this name poor status so let's make sure that we have
that name right here on the Select right.
Everything else is just going to take off.
All right.
Perfect.
So we have that select Let's see if we can see that value right here.
Just refresh and of course we don't see it because US and do an echo on the value of option and that's
not where I should be doing that.
So it should be right here.
All right there we go.
As you can see there we have the little option there but we don't have the other options.
So let's go ahead and do that right now.
So now another thing that I want to do is to select is that I want to add a day for a year with a class
A form group so let's add that around it so that way we can have some space as you see right here.
He has no space.
So that's an inconvenience right there.
See that.
So let's just make sure that we have a diff class of form group around it and that's refresh.
Now as you can see now I have a space.
All right.
Perfect.
So what is the next thing I got to do.
Well what I want to do is if I want to create here a condition because I want to say that the way we're
going to do this is if the post is published I want to display a draft option to put the post on draft
but if it's already on draft I want to offer the user a public option.
So we need to create a statement a condition.
All right so let's do this with an if statement.
And let's say if the post is right because that's what we're checking it's equal to what.
Well actually let's go ahead and put this in a b right here.
Don't we were impeached already but we just did a.
We closed the peach B-type right here so.
All right.
So if this is equal to publish here it is then I want to play something right now and what is it that
I want to display.
Well I want to play
this whole thing right here or now every day and you're going to grab it from here actually here it's
kind of grabbed one from the category.
I'm going to put it right here because it's very similar to what I want what I want to do right here
is I want to play the poll status right here.
I actually one of these play year a static option.
So this one's just going to say draft.
That's where we are going to be sending.
And the value is going to be draft also.
But we're going to say that with lowercase D.
All right.
And this one is going to be uppercase D.
So draft and else.
So if it's not published if it's something else and that something else would be probably dropped.
Right.
We were going this play the opposite of this.
So let's see if this works out.
All right.
So this one is going to be published
and this option is just going to say capital the publish.
All right.
So I think we're done here.
I mean we don't have to do anything else there.
We're pretty good in pretty good shape.
All right.
So now let's set a value here the full value for this here and that the full value would be probably
if only for some reason we don't choose any of these the default value would be maybe the current pool
status right now.
Right right there.
So that would be that the full value but let's make it in speech actually has opened up the HP tag and
let's just make sure we have the full value for that right.
Oops.
All right.
That looks good.
I think we're golden here so let's check it out.
All right.
Refresh me is a little smaller and if I see here is a draft.
And I can click on publish any file of data right there is published right now.
So that's published.
Let's publish another one.
So on draft publish published you will post.
Perfect.
So this functionality looks really good.
I like it.
It's actually a lot easier to deal with.
And instead of typing draft and polish right.
So anyway good job.
If you were to do this with me and I think is great.
What do you think anyway.
Keep having a great day and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.
Bye bye